Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby and in this story,
and we are going to create a very simple calculator using functions.
So how this is going to be done.
So we are going to create a very basic calculator, which is only going to have four functions where
it is going to add two numbers.
It is going to subtract two numbers, it is going to divide two numbers and it is going to only multiply
two numbers.
The rest of the operations.
As soon as we learn more and more things, we are going to advance this calculator as well.
And at the end of this course, you are going to have a very, very, very perfect scientific kind of
calculator.
So let's start on.
So our first function is going to be add, which is going to basically add two numbers that are going
to be A and B, which we will pass as an argument from the calling area.
And this function is going to simply return A plus B and.
All right, not this.
And we are going to just end this, so you just copy this bastard again, bastard again is it again?
And the second function is going to be sub, which is going to subtract two numbers.
And then we are going to have Muhal, which is going to multiply two numbers, and then we are going
to have the IV, which is going to divide two numbers and the sub is going to have a minus sign of here.
Then the multiply is going to have a starick over here and the divide is going to have this side of
a hill.
Now, to use all of these functions where you can simply do is that you can have a variable named as,
let's say, a, that is going to equal to add and you are going to pass values which will pass later
and then you will have X that is going to call the subtract function.
Then we are going to have and that is going to call the multiplier function, then we are going to have
these, which is going to call the divide that is the divide function.
So we are going to add some lines to look at more attractive.
So we are going to ride in boats.
Addition.
Of two.
Numbers.
Is.
Then we are going to have votes.
Subtraction of.
Two numbers is.
Then we are going to have Bode's.
Multiplication of two numbers is.
And finally, we are going to have Fuds.
Division of DE.
Numbers is and these are basically going to be the answer.
So now what we can do is that we can just specify then Gomaa five or 10, comma five are going to be
added and we are going to read and Duncombe five, which are going to be subtracted and we are going
to write and come to five, which are going to be multiplied, and then we are going to write and then
five which are going to be divided.
So if I just run this code, you are going to see a calculator over here.
But they are not printing the values because we have not used what's eowa here.
What's Asawa Hill?
Well, it's Amable here and finally, ports deal here.
So now let's just run the score.
And as you can see that it says the addition of two numbers is 15.
Then the subtraction of two numbers is five.
Then the multiplication of two numbers is 50.
And then the division of two numbers is two.
So that was a very basic calculator, which we have made using function.
Now for you guys, I want to assign you a task over here.
I want you to take these two values which we have passed directly.
I want you to take them as an input from the user and then pass it to these functions we have defined
right over here.
And I guess, you know, from the starting sections that how to take input from a user.
So I want you to apply that idea.
Well, here, take input of two numbers and then pass all those two numbers right over here.
And in the next tutorial, I will come up with the code again.
So I want you to try it for yourself first and then move on to the next story.
So if any of you guys don't have any idea of how that is going to be done or if you are having any kind
of errors, then in the next iteration you would understand how that is going to be done.
So for this tutorial, that's it.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.